feat(curriculum): add shortest path algorithm workshop (#61147)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-shortest-path-algorithm/687b426c3dabfe5cf80fad80.md

---
id: 687b426c3dabfe5cf80fad80
title: Step 21
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-21
---

# --description--

Now that you've defined which nodes you want to display results for, you need to loop through them.

Add a `for` loop that iterates through each `node_no` in the `targets` list. Add `pass` as a placeholder inside the loop body.

# --hints--

> You should create a `for` loop that iterates through `targets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should create a `for` loop that uses `node_no` to iterate over `targets`.
```

```js
({
    test: () => {
      assert(
        runPython(
          `_Node(_code).find_function("shortest_path").has_stmt("for node_no in targets: pass")`
        )

>       );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      runPython(`
        loop = _Node(_code).find_function("shortest_path").find_for_loops()[1]
        assert loop.find_for_iter().is_equivalent("targets")
        assert loop.find_for_vars().is_equivalent("node_no")
      `);
```
